[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The fact that I can go
to other dimensional places,
including Telos, if I choose
to, are now within my abilities
in your realm.
And here's the good news--
so is everybody else.
You have to find that
alignment to make sure
that your vibration matches
that what's around you.
We carry light.
You carry light to help Gaia.
It's part of your role to
help the universe evolve.
And so as a light worker,
I don't go to Shasta
seeking something from the monk.
It's always an energy
exchange, believe me.
And I get as much as I give.
But I'm a light worker.
I'm supposed to go
there and plant my light
to assist that connection
from the higher realms here.
My job is to pull that light.
And everywhere I go, I
leave those things behind.
The more I do that, the more I
see energetic portals in Shasta
everywhere.
Find your alignment first.
When you do, then
you're in a position
to be aware of all the things
that are going on around you.
Then you find some
sacred ground.
When I went to Shasta looking
for energetic portals,
I found them energetically.
When I get out in nature, I
see these energy signatures.
They look like heat coming
off a sidewalk with form.
It's-- you see them
there, unmistakable now.
You just have to
step into that aura
and take advantage of
what's been left behind
by somebody else who left
awesome intentions behind.
It's always an energy
exchange, all the more reason
why I can't emphasize more for
people to find their alignment.
Because once you do, you
can connect to the things
that are around you.
And when you do,
it's magnificent.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Well, here we are
in lovely Mount Shasta,
which is right there.
I don't think the
cameras can see it.
But we're at the bottom of Mount
Shasta, just behind Black Butte
right here.
And we're speaking with Lowell.
You have a fantastic
story, my friend--
>> Yes.
>> --and a fantastic adventure.
We've been on a
couple of adventures
the past couple of days,
but for another project.
Last time I was in Shasta, I
interviewed Asara, Asara Adams.
And I have a feeling
this is going
to fit into that story,
the story of Telos, Adama,
who I got to speak
to through Asara,
and who you got to
speak to in person.
>> Yes.
>> Tell us about that.
>> I had been in Shasta.
The intent was to come up here
during COVID for some R&R.
And when things relaxed and
people could move around
a little bit, I chose
to go find nature.
I was going to go solo and just
wanted to go to national parks.
And in my planning, to
make a long story short,
Shasta was what just
came into focus.
And from where I
was in Santa Rosa,
it's four hours
as the crow flies.
And so it was an easy commute.
I had never been there before.
Driven by lots of times going
to Oregon and sightseeing
because I like to
drive in the car.
But I had never had
the chance to stop,
although all you had
certainly heard lots
of about what goes on
in Shasta and energy
that seems to be there.
So the plan was I was going
to come up for a week.
And then I was going to meet
my son for a week in Tahoe
after that, and we'll figure
out the rest after that.
He was unemployed.
And look, I-- there's no
consulting work for hotel guys
right now.
It was a good time
to just do what--
if I had nothing else in the
world to do, what would I do?
I would travel, and I
would spend time in nature.
Here's where it started.
Then the universe
decided that they
were going to kick in and
show me some special things.
So the one week
turned into five.
I just stayed.
I continued to extend my time
here because the energy here,
it's an assimilation.
First of all, it just takes
time to get used to that energy.
And I was two weeks in to hiking
every day, significant hiking.
I'm not 30 years old
anymore, and I should
have been tired the next day.
And it was, like I said, two
weeks later that somebody
had made a remark in
one of the parking lots
about their energy level
and how they felt good.
And all of a sudden, I
just had to stop and think,
wait a minute, I should be
worn out like hell, I am not.
There's some
physicality about it.
I tend to meditate when
I can wherever I can.
Because here's where you
find your peace and solace,
and now I want to connect with
that and let my inner being
appreciate all that.
So in the course of one of those
days-- it was the end of July--
it was a weekend, and I
was kind of planning out
what I was going to do.
The Peace Garden in Mount Shasta
is a beautiful thing to see.
And so it was on my
radar for the morning.
And then I didn't
know what I was
going to do in the afternoon.
The things that had
come across my attention
was a trip up to the
top of Black Butte
because I understood,
if you were willing,
you could commute all the
way to the very top of it.
It's 6,900 feet and change.
And I thought, OK, well, I
might be able to do that.
I read some of the reviews,
and they gave their suggestions
on whether that kind of thing
should or should not be done.
Anybody my age and my sense
wouldn't have done it,
but here we went.
Anyway, when that was done, I
went back to Panther Meadows
to just figure out what
I was going to do next.
So I picked-- found one
of the picnic tables--
>> Panther Meadows
is up on Shasta.
>> It's-- yes.
>> It's one of
the highest spots.
That's actually where
I interviewed Asara.
So we had her walking
around Panther Meadows.
And then just off to the side
is where she brought in Adama.
>> That whole area-- for hiking,
there are a couple of streams
up there in the area.
It's just green and
beautiful back there.
And so that was--
I like to see things from as
high a perspective as I can.
So I always kind of
trigger for that.
When I was in Colorado going
at the top of Mount Evans, man,
that was-- every
other month, it was
kind of a trip on a weekend.
I just like that perspective.
So I wanted to get it here.
And the highest place
you can drive to
is up Everett Memorial Highway.
And you will eventually end
up, provided the road is open,
at the top of Panther Meadows.
At this picnic table I
found, I was looking out,
while people are mingling.
It's Friday, and people
are starting to come and go
and there.
And there are only a half
dozen picnic tables at all.
It's not really meant
for people to hang.
You're going to park here,
and then go to track.
But one of the tables
was open, so I sat at it
and started to look at Shasta.
And Shastina, for whatever
reason, caught my eye.
Now, imagine the sun.
It's noon, so the sun is
starting almost overhead.
And the shadows are starting to
cast on this side of Shastina.
And for someone that grew up
around the Mississippi River,
where we had caves--
we explored them all, we
knew what they were like--
when you looked at it from where
I was, there was almost-- some
of these things,
and more than one,
looked like they could
be cave entrances.
Where I wanted to go
was along that trail.
But there was a
place where I was
going to have to
just crawl up rock
or whatever was there to get to
the areas I was curious about.
There were a few
places that were just
kind of natural
energy for Texas,
where you would see, in
Redwood forests there,
circles of redwoods,
fairy circles.
And you know that there is
activity in the middle of that.
There were rock outcroppings.
>> You could sense that
when you were walking?
>> There were a couple of those.
There were a couple
of rock outcroppings
that were that same thing.
So the first thing I saw
was a rock outcropping
that was just natural,
like it was meant
for someone to stand here.
And once you did, you
just felt an energy.
Now, I would have
stayed there longer,
but I saw another
one right over here
that looked like it had
promise, similar to this,
but just up a little bit higher.
So I moved from
here up to there.
And when I got in the
same kind of position
and I was going to get
ready to just kind of stand
here a moment, anchor
my light, and then we'll
see what's going on.
Well, I noticed one
more spot over here.
And it was actually against
the face of Shastina.
There were three rocks that
kind of encircled this space.
And here was a rock
that was a little bit
higher than my inseam,
but narrow and wide.
Then there was a
huge boulder here
and another boulder over here.
And they just kind of made this
circular closure right here.
And your back would have
been against Shastina.
So I crawled over
that spot here.
What I always do when I
find a place-- and again,
there was an energy surge that
just kind of grabbed you--
I always like to ground
my light where I am.
And so I had my crystals
I carry with me.
And my habit is to
draw an infinity symbol
in the sand or the dirt.
My crystal goes in the middle.
And I take three
infinity breaths
to anchor my light there.
I've accomplished what
I needed to be here.
That is the residue I'm
going to leave behind.
And then I just get to enjoy
this, and share my energy
with the environment I'm in.
>> And is that kind
of all self-taught?
How did--
>> It just kind of came to me.
It just feels good
when I do that.
So the other night
when we were talking
about going out on mission and
finding these vortexes, well,
that was when it just triggered,
look, we're light workers,
we're supposed to be anchoring
our energy and assisting Gaia.
And I was finished with that.
I thought, I'm going to
sit here for a while.
The sun was kind
of over my head.
And my back was
against the rock.
And on the rock was this
brush that grows there.
It was kind of dried out,
so this was not soft at all.
But I was having some
water and grapes,
and I was listening
to tunes on my phone.
All of a sudden, I couldn't
hear the music anymore.
I was done.
I'd put whatever
I was having away.
And the music stopped.
So I reached into my
pocket to get my phone out,
and there's no power.
Now, this was fully
charged when I left the car
way less than an hour ago.
And it has a mophie on it, so
power should not be an issue.
As I started to
try and fire it up,
again and I'm holding
the power button down,
I sense almost like a shadow
that was coming from behind me,
like the sun would be moving
quickly enough to shadow you,
but also like an environment
coming from beneath me.
And as soon as I tried
to regulate that idea,
I felt something
cool from behind me.
Now, I turn around, and
there's a hole behind me.
>> And it wasn't there before.
>> As I-- there was
nothing behind me.
I was leaned up
against solid surface.
It is large enough--
I'm 6 feet tall.
It was probably another
couple of feet over me.
It looked like it
had been carved out,
like it was an outside
exposure for a volcanic tube.
I turned around, and I stood up.
And as the light was beginning
to adjust to this darkness,
you could tell that there was
a rise, and it kind of went up.
And then it went downward.
But as I looked
further, it looked
like there was somebody there.
Off on the left-hand side to
me and maybe 30 yards from
where I was, there was somebody.
And if I had to guess,
it looked like that
was somebody was like my size.
The next thing I heard was,
would you like to see Telos?
>> My heart raced a little.
I--
>> Did you know it was
coming from that guy?
Or-- when you-- you just--
where did you hear it?
>> It came from that direction.
So I assumed--
>> It was that guy, yeah.
>> --it was that guy.
There's-- I'm nowhere
near anybody else.
It had to be whoever it was.
Anyway, I said yes.
So I made my way down.
And as I got closer,
maybe within 10 feet,
he was not my size.
This guy was adorned
in a white garment.
But he had these
ribbons of color.
So I didn't know if that was
some kind of Telos bling,
or whether that was
some kind of badge that
represented a position he held.
I didn't know.
>> But at the time, you
didn't know about Telos.
>> I did not know about Telos.
>> So when he said, would
you like to go in to Telos,
did you even know what
that was at the time?
>> Mm-mm.
The only background
I knew at all
was that I have had some
experience understanding
Atlantean backgrounds
and regressions I've
had helped through.
So I know I have
history in Atlantis.
And so if you're going
to learn about Atlantis,
you can't help but
learn about Lemuria.
And so when you
learn about both,
Telos is eventually one of
those stories that comes along,
that because if what really
happened during the fall.
And if we are to believe
in the history that
included the Lemurians,
that this, what happened
underneath Mount Shasta
and Telos was developed,
probably has a lot more
credence than we're giving it.
But it was not on my radar.
When I was going to Mount
Shasta, and part of it is I
got a spiritual journey, and
I'm interested in expressing
that while I'm there.
You'd certainly heard lots of
stories about Saint Germain.
And he's a real being.
He wasn't a legend.
He came out and shared
what he had to give,
and gave it to Guy.
And it was his job then to
perpetuate the information.
So in my mind, if I can run
into any ascended master,
you would make my day.
Visiting Telos was
not on that wishlist.
This was all new to me.
As I got closer,
he had blond hair.
If I had to describe him,
he was Scandinavian in look.
But they're-- all of them that
I saw had complexions that were
like flawless.
And they weren't--
>> What does that mean?
Like--
>> You know how we
look when we mature?
Your skin begins to
just change with age.
>> Oh, I see, yeah.
>> Flawless.
>> Wrinkles start creeping
in and that kind of thing.
And they didn't have that?
>> Yeah, no
wrinkles, no-- mm-mm.
All of them that I saw.
>> Wow.
>> We'll get to Adama
and the women that I saw.
None of-- just flawless.
And it makes you wonder if
our physicality is really
moving to a crystalline form.
I wonder if they've
already evolved
to that, which would explain
their lifespans and maybe
their just physicality.
Who knows.
>> Well, before we get into
that, let's back it up.
So you see--
>> Let's go back.
>> You the opening in the cave.
>> I see this guy.
>> There's a guy down there.
>> And he is now at least
a foot taller than I am.
He says, you can call me Alex.
Well, that'll be
easy to remember.
That's my son's name.
And he said, yes, we
know about your son Alex.
Follow me.
So now we begin down this.
>> What did you--
when he said that, did that--
>> How do you respond to that?
>> Yeah, did it disturb you?
Or was it-- what is the
feeling at this point?
>> From this point on, I was
not in a period of engagement.
I just wanted to soak it all in.
I now know solidly, I'm
here as an observer.
And so in my mind, I'm just
going to take all this in,
and I'll sort it out later.
I don't want to say anything.
I just want to listen.
And I-- that's just kind
of how it panned about.
He just had a narrative
that helped educate me
during this whole process,
which is how I learned what
I learned while I was there.
But what I saw was
the magnificent part.
And that's why I
wish that there was
some kind of cinematic
thing I could
download that everyone else
could see what's already here,
that we've talked
about, and nobody
has had any feet on the ground.
This was not a
meditative journey, me
sitting in that spot outside.
I was inside.
>> This wasn't an
astral projection.
This was, you were physically
going inside this cave.
So you followed Alex down.
What happened?
>> Got all the way
down to the bottom.
And as you proceeded
down, you could
see that there was an
area down there that
was illuminated in some way.
>> In some way--
where was it coming from?
>> I don't know.
I don't know.
>> Well, when--
>> Was it--
>> You asked the question,
so I'll cover it now.
Both here, now that
you mentioned it,
and when I describe Telos
itself, anywhere we went,
there was no direct sunlight.
And somebody asked me
yesterday about it.
And it didn't occur
to me until then.
They said, did you
see any shadows?
And no, I did not
see any shadows.
So where does natural
sunlight come from?
I can only speculate that
it's crystal in nature.
And it's an energy that
just works its way in ways
that we're just not
meant to understand yet.
>> And it's kind of coming
from all directions?
>> Everywhere.
Everything was illuminated.
Now, I don't know
if that changes
during the cycle of a day.
I was there for what
seemed like hours.
But it was more like
an hour and 20 minutes.
>> Huh.
>> So now we're in
this staging area.
And directly across from
us were five more tubes
like we just came
out of over there,
similar to volcanic
tubes, which would
be natural underneath
Shasta and Shastina.
>> How long was it that you
had to walk down this thing
into the--
>> Maybe another 30 yards.
>> Oh, it wasn't that far then.
>> No.
It--
[CHUCKLES]
It's crazy.
Once I got there, there's
no conception of dimension.
Where am I in the scheme
of inside the mountain?
Or am I underground?
You flash, wonder where
that is, but I'm just
going to tuck those
questions aside until later.
Because I just want to
absorb what's in the moment
so that I can recall it later
to the best of my abilities.
>> And you were kind of thinking
that in the moment, you think?
>> As quickly as your mind can
process such things like that.
>> Immediately to our left was
some kind of structure that was
approximately 6 by 6.
And it had what appeared to be
like two buckets seats on it.
Over beyond that,
there was another one.
And over here to
this side, there
was another one, same things.
I couldn't tell you what kind of
material they were made out of.
I wanted to say they
look like crystal.
But it didn't look like that.
It certainly wasn't wood,
and it wasn't metal.
And God knows what it was.
Alex got into the
left-hand seat of this
and gestured for me
to sit next to him.
And once I sat down,
this thing levitated.
And we began to move
in the direction--
>> Did it have any give when
you sat in it, or was it solid?
>> Whatever motion it had--
and I knew we were moving--
it didn't feel like
I was going anywhere.
>> Wow.
>> So-- but I know
you're moving.
There's no sensation
of wind or any of that.
The things that you would think
physically you would experience
you didn't experience it.
>> Interesting.
>> As we're coming
out of this tube,
and now on the other side
there's light coming from
the other side, so now there's
something coming on, there are
crystals embedded
into the walls.
And now that
there's enough light
coming in the other direction,
it's beginning to refract it.
And by the time you
get to the end of it,
it looks like you're in
a kaleidoscope around you
because the crystals
are just flaming up.
And once we got into that
area and it opened up,
your breath just is
gone because now you're
overseeing level 1
of the city of Telos.
And it immediately takes
us up to some level
so that in those pictures
you've seen of cityscapes,
this is what I'm
looking at right now.
Telos is circular
in orientation.
So this white pyramid is in the
middle of what I'm looking at.
And all around it are
crystal structures
that are just gorgeous.
>> Could you estimate
the size of this pyramid?
Is it massive like the--
>> It's massive.
>> Like the Giza pyramid?
>> It holds allegedly
10,000 people inside of it.
>> Inside the pyramid alone?
>> Inside the pyramid.
>> So--
>> It's their main temple space.
Although there are smaller
temples around that level,
this is it.
>> Wow, so this view you
had was just enormous.
>> Enormous.
>> Right over there.
[LAUGHS]
So how long did it
seem like you were
traveling on this hovering
thing to get there?
>> It didn't take long.
The-- minutes?
>> Minutes?
Really, wow.
>> Minutes to just
get through that,
and then everything else is
like, OK, that was old news.
Now getting to see this
from that perspective,
here's where the questions
you were asking me
about light conditions
focused into me.
Because I'm looking around,
this place is cavernous.
>> It's a big cavern.
>> Cavernous.
You can't see the top.
But there's light, like
there's sunlight up there.
But there's no sunlight
and no shadows.
So how is this all illuminated?
At the top of the
pyramid is a capstone.
I used to know the name of it.
But it was donated by Venus.
And apparently it has function.
When I saw it, it was a white.
>> A capstone inside was--
>> On the top of the pyramid.
>> How do you know it
was donated by Venus?
>> My research has told
me, and people have--
>> Confirmed.
>> --confirmed that
that's where it came from.
Alex had mentioned it
when he was describing it
that this is where--
it had been donated by Venus.
What I learned subsequently
is that the color
of the capstone changes
based on conditions.
I, then, of course,
my mind went, well,
I guess maybe during
the day it just
changes for daily or night.
And now what I understand
is that there are colors
of a day associated with that.
And the source I got my
information from today, Dianne
Robbins, who's been
an author on Telos
and has an authoritative
perspective, said--
she says, well,
what day is today?
Today is Wednesday.
Oh, today's indigo day.
So when the capstone is indigo,
apparently the population
wears indigo.
>> It's so great
because you're--
the way you describe
it, the visuals are--
I'm receiving visuals.
And it's amazing.
>> It does me good
to hear that, really.
I understand what this
message is supposed to be.
I want to make sure that I can
paint as vivid an illustration
as I can.
Here's what we get
to look forward to.
Here's the next civilization
that we should be enjoying.
And with Ascension right
around the corner, guys, here's
a snapshot of what is coming.
These people aren't
going anywhere.
They've been waiting
in the wings for us
to get our act
together for a while.
And they had no reason
to come and interact.
There are stories that
they used to do that.
The last thing I could
find-- and actually,
when I asked Dianne
what she knew about it,
the last interaction,
any physical interaction
with Lemurians seemed
to be in like the '40s.
They used to come into town,
and they would barter with gold.
And they would get
what they needed.
But no one's seen them since.
We can only speculate that--
why would they want to get
messed up in this dimension,
when, after what I've seen
and the way that they embrace
that whole law of love
kind of mantra, here's
where we're going.
Here's the snapshot.
>> Well, let's go back to the
visual of-- we talked about
a pyramid.
You said a circular city.
Were there are
things flying around
like you see in the movies,
like "Fifth Element,"
or that kind of thing?
>> No, I didn't see any
activity in the air.
There were plenty of people
that were just wandering around.
And they just seemed
to be in groups.
My focus wasn't on them.
I'm just trying to take
in this fairytale vision.
You always wonder--
the closest thing
that I've found in any
illustrations I can see
is there's some mockups
of what people think
Atlantis used to look like.
And it was centrific
in form too.
That's the closest frame of
reference I have to what I saw.
But the city wasn't like
connected with water.
It just had natural
byways inside it.
But it was circular.
>> What's a byway?
>> Just places for
you to negotiate.
If they had a car, you'd
drive your car, or how people
walk from place to place.
>> Like governmental buildings
or something like that?
>> Yeah, on the first
level, I was informed,
here's where the
administrative part.
There is a king and queen that
oversee Telos, Ra and Rana.
>> Ra and Rana?
>> They are the sovereign
king and queen of Telos.
And they oversee it.
However, there is a council.
And it's six feminine,
six masculine.
And Adama is the 13th
person on the council--
>> OK, so they--
>> --to make sure that
energies are balanced.
>> And they told you this.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So let's get to that point.
So you saw this Alex.
Where did you go next?
>> Well, after we finished
this, we came down--
so we were going somewhere else.
How we got there-- because
it was kind of a blur.
I was trying to take
in what I was seeing.
And here's where I was able
to kind of make contact, eye
contact with people.
Granted, they're a ways away.
But I can look into their eyes.
And the sense that I got was
I knew them, and they knew me.
And it wasn't just one person.
There was probably
four or five people
as we went past them that I
tried to make eye contact with,
it just felt like
a little love hug.
>> A love hug.
>> Familiarity.
And then after that, we found
ourselves on the third level.
On the way there, he
described the second level
was some additional
housing, manufacturing.
And whatever schooling they
have is located in that area.
>> So Alex was kind of like
your Universal Studio Tour guide
guy, kind of.
Like over to the left and
duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Is that how it was, kind of?
>> Yeah, in retrospect, I think
that he was there to help me
see enough of Telos
to claim, here it is.
And when we tell you it
has these number of levels,
you have experience
with that, so
that in my little humanness that
needs tangibility, I got it.
I got to see what I witnessed.
The third level is where
they grow all of their food.
And it's the most incredible
hydroponics factory
you've ever seen, racks of--
the entire population
is vegetarian.
Whatever proteins they take
in is in the form of nuts
and that type of protein thing.
But what this population
eats is all grown here.
>> Wow, the entire population?
>> All of it.
Yeah, the--
>> Which is about how
many, do you think?
>> That's a good question.
And I would love to validate it.
Here's what I know,
that during the fall
and when the remaining Lemurians
found their way to Telos
and established themselves,
the number that seems--
that people agree on is there
were 25,000 of them that
were left, took what they could
before the entire population
was gone, found their spot
in Telos and made home.
It's said today that's
a million and a half.
I'm not surprised by that.
It's also been described that
this cavity that I was in
and these five levels amassed
somewhere around 25 miles
of space.
So I'm anxious to go
back and look at more.
But anyway, back to this.
>> Yeah, back on the tour.
>> It was just the idea that an
entire population of those kind
of numbers--
and they still eat regularly.
>> Oh, OK, three times a
day or two times a day or--
>> I don't know what
their habits are.
But this just
regenerates in a way
that, by the time it's
time for the next thing,
this area of agriculture
has just perpetuated itself
all over again.
Somehow it's more rapid.
And I've got to
think that that comes
from crystal energy, of course.
They're going to master that.
But these guys have
access to technologies
that we are hoping to evolve to.
And we think we're pretty
technologically savvy
right now.
Yeah, they don't have to worry
about GMOs and that type.
>> [LAUGHS]
Right.
They've got some kind of crystal
magic fueling their plants.
>> Yeah.
Well, it makes my
mind begin to wander
when you think
about what's going
to happen with Ascension and
the physicalities of our bodies.
My wonder is, if we can really
take in our energy directly
from the sun--
because think about it.
When we eat, that's
exactly what we're doing.
That solar energy
goes into plants.
And really, that's
the healthiest part.
We all know that.
Every one of us that
eat vegetarianly
know that the best
nutrients from the sun
came out of these plants
because it's natural.
Once we cook it, it loses
a little bit of that.
And then meat, that's
a whole other realm.
We get that.
These people have figured
out how that works.
But I'm wondering, once we
take on a crystalline form,
do we still eat that way?
Or do I just get my energy
directly from the sun?
So let's take that
one step further.
If I don't have to
eat, I don't really
need to produce
any waste, right?
>> Yeah, yeah.
That's what I-- through my
other interviews talking
with some of the other
extra-dimensional beings
and their civilizations, they've
kind of gotten to that state.
>> I have this idea that
the energy is metabolized
in another way.
And it's all used.
So there's no residual
left to have to deal with.
And then you just think
of all the landfills
and what we have to deal with
here in the third dimension.
And wow, it'll be nice not
to have to deal with that.
The fourth level, I understand,
is some more manufacturing.
And they have some parks
and places to enjoy nature.
Then the fifth level, which I--
here's what I want to see next.
This level is nothing but
nature, lakes, forest, flora
and fauna that used
to be on the surface,
some we have never seen, animals
some have been on the surface.
Some have not been
on the surface
that we have never seen.
One day, we'll have the
opportunity to do so.
Now that I understood
what I just took in,
we're done with
this description,
and we're back on
the first level.
And over to this--
when we first came in,
there was a circular
room over here
that I would have
thought was a temple.
And that's where we ended up.
So this hovercraft lands here.
And now my feet are on Telos.
And there's a
doorway, really about
the size of this
aperture right here.
But along the sides, there
are like crystal panels
which form this building.
On the outside of
it was this etching
that sure looked familiar to me.
When I had come to
Shasta the first time,
I kind of familiarized
myself with downtown
and got to know some
of the shopkeepers.
There was one shop that
was just so colorful.
It just drew you in.
Haruko is Blue Star Child.
And the first day I
went in, I'm looking,
and she's got 10 foot
ceilings in here.
She's got some drawings that
are 10 feet tall and in panels
this wide.
What I learned on my return
is she hand-draws those.
And when you see these, they're
almost perfect symmetric images
of one another.
And these are her
interpretations
of new light codes.
They were on inscribed
into the crystal wall here
and the crystal wall there.
>> Wow.
>> I thought I
had recognized it.
And I said Alex, I've
seen this before.
And he said, oh, yeah,
that's Haruko's work.
That is the light code.
>> He said that.
He said Haruko specifically
That's the light code for
the new world blueprint.
And that one is the new
human angelic footprint.
We loved it so much we
engraved it right here.
This room is the
council chamber.
In the middle of it is
a circular wooden table
embedded with beautiful crystals
with 15 chairs around it.
And the room is
circular in nature.
But what you first express, what
you learn when you first move
and your first is, there is a
palpable energy that is just
like pressing your chest.
And my frame of that
kind of warm embrace
came the first time I was
in an ayahuasca journey.
And Mother Ayahuasca put her
arms around you and hung on.
You just never wanted to
leave that sense of bliss.
This was an energy
that you felt.
It made me think
afterwards, yeah, I
guess if you were going
to have to be in a spot
where you had to make
some decision-making,
you would get everybody
in this love fest first.
I don't know if it had
the same effect on them
that it did on me.
All I can tell you is
that it was palpable.
It felt physical.
Well, as soon as I was
getting used to that,
five people walk in.
There are four women
and a gentleman.
They're all taller than I am.
And the gentleman is
taller than they are.
And I recognize right away
from pictures I've seen of--
that's Adama.
Adama is probably
8-plus feet tall.
And he's as
magnificent as anybody.
But he, when-- after
I saw Alex at first,
and then I saw these
women, who you just
expect to be beautiful.
They all kind of looked
Scandinavian to me.
They have kind of a British kind
of accent when they do speak.
But holy cow, their
complexions are flawless.
Their skin just didn't
show any signs of age.
It was amazing.
So they gestured me
to sit in a chair.
And--
>> The five that came
out were all women.
>> Four women and Adama.
And so after--
>> But there was
still the 13 chairs?
>> Yes.
Yeah, apparently, we were
going to use the room.
And there were only
the seven of us then.
So once I was seated, then
they took their positions.
So there was a female, and
then Adama, and another female,
and then me, and
then another female,
and Alex, and then
another female.
And they all introduced
themselves to me
and kind of gave me a
little bio on who they were.
But it went-- phht.
Other than-- I remember the name
of Adama, of course, and Alex.
And I remember the
first woman who
spoke who told me
her name was Shyama.
>> Shyama.
>> And the only reason I
remember her is because when
the dialogue began
it came from her.
So if you thought that there
was a chair for this meeting,
she is that person.
She began to tell me the nature
of what was going on in Telos--
so this was last summer--
prior to the winter solstice.
And there was certainly
lots of sense in the air
that the shift might be
imminent around winter solstice,
that the council was--
they believed that
the shift is imminent.
And they believed it
was winter solstice.
When she said that, chills
just went through my body.
Because look, I believe that.
I've been led to believe
that the shift in whatever
solar flash that might
manifest itself in that way,
it's coming.
Never mind I believe that I
came back in this incarnation
because the shift is going
to happen in my lifetime.
>> Now, did she specifically
say solar flash?
Or--
>> They mentioned that there
was going to be some type
of phenomenon.
And again, I believe in the
cyclical nature of the universe
and how the cosmos works.
And if you're not paying
attention right now,
we got bombarded with solar
energy from the sun now.
>> In fact, yesterday and
the day before yesterday,
we had some major--
what do you call it?
>> CMEs
>> CMEs.
>> I watch-- it's one of the
rabbit holes I found my way
down into.
If I understood the
nature of the universe
and how it's cycling
into its new section,
and where the Age of
Aquarius really kicks in,
according to the
linear timelines,
I understand our solar system
entered this photon belt
now for the next
2,000 years in 2012.
By 2016, our entire solar
system now was in this.
And so now for the
next 2,000 years,
we're bathed with high
frequency photon energy that's
coming from Halcyon,
passing through our sun,
and feeding its solar system.
So these little maladies
that we think we're feeling,
think that there
is energy that--
if you want to think of as
we're being mutated in some way
because there's changes
taking place with us--
>> On a cellular level.
>> --on a molecular DNA level.
And it's not changes so much
as we're getting to the point
where the two strands that have
been here all along that we've
been functioning on, and the
10 that we've been taught
were all these deadlies.
>> The junk cells yeah.
>> It's not junk DNA.
It's waiting to be activated.
And now that our awakening
is coming around, all of us
have been here before.
We have memories.
We know what was here before.
But something had to
trigger us out of that.
Some of us have found
it along the way.
In my case, I was
awakened five years ago.
I've been fortunate to
learn over the last, oh,
several months especially, now
that the story has kind of got
out and you meet
these other people
that have had
similar experiences,
that their experiences
are just as remarkable.
And we're all moving
in the same direction.
>> Yep.
So Shyama-- Shyone?
>> Shyama.
>> Shyama was telling
you this event,
something's going to
happen leading up to 2012--
or, I'm sorry, 12, 20--
>> Well, winter solstice.
>> Was it-- it's the opposite.
So wait.
2012 would be 2012,
December 21, 2012.
And then it's sort of like
the opposite of that is 2021.
>> Wow.
You know what?
I didn't even put that
synchronicity together.
>> Yeah, so then it's 2021,
which is still December 21.
And then now we're--
all the numbers match anyway.
So it's just that
window is lopsided in.
>> Every time you turn
around, you figure out another
connection, and it finally
resonates with you.
But oh, I just
learned another thing.
Thank you.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> It's good to keep your
eyes open and your ear open.
But man, you got to
have an open heart
to receive any of this first.
>> So she's going down the list
of stuff coming down the pipe.
>> That's really
what their focus was.
And when that happens,
they want to reintegrate
with the surface.
It's their wish--
>> That's what they said?
>> Absolutely, their wish, that
they have things that they want
to share with us.
And it's not like human
beings aren't without merit.
We have free will and the
ability to be creative,
which is an anomaly
in the universe.
Everybody's watching what
we're doing right now.
They don't have free will.
>> They don't?
>> But we live in
this third dimension,
and we were supposed to come
here and experiment and learn.
Well, we're pretty
much done with this.
But Earth is not the only
third-dimensional planet.
I can't chase that rabbit hole.
But when the shift happens, we--
it's a physical
shift, first of all.
People need to
understand the difference
between planetary ascension
and physical ascension.
They're two different things.
>> OK, explain that.
>> Mother Earth is the one
that is being bathed with this
photon energy.
And earthquakes
that we're suffering
and tornadoes and
all the other things
are manifestations of
this new energy coming in.
If you pay attention to any
of these solar storms that
are coming and see how
our magnetic field has
deteriorated, we're
just in a spot
where there's more of that
that comes in all the time.
There's a solar wind that
comes out of the coronal holes
in the sun all the time.
You can spot them.
And you see them, it looks
like big brown spots.
That's actually
magnetic information.
And there's what's
called an EMF,
an electromagnetic frequency
line between the sun and here.
So it doesn't have
to randomly find us.
It follows this
path and bathes us.
Now, what the magnetic
field can bounce off of it,
that just goes around
the Earth harmlessly.
However, we're to
the point where
now the magnetic fields on
both top and bottom are moving.
They're not geographic
north anymore.
But they haven't
been for a long time.
>> Yeah, we've
been watching that.
Even airplanes-- we were
just having this conversation
how even airports are having
to realign their magnetic north
instruments.
And runways are having to--
they're having to redo,
because pilots are landing--
having to figure out
things very quickly.
We're moving faster every year.
It seems it's getting
further off course.
>> Well, consider the
natural phenomenon.
You've seen all these stories
about whale pods being beached
and animals that use
that magnetic frequency
for their migratory patterns.
And man, somehow their
compasses are off.
They didn't do that because
they wanted to beach themselves.
They can't find the navigation
that somehow is just adjusting.
So Earth is just
adjusting to all this too.
And when she finally
ascends, which
that's the planetary part,
those sentient beings
that are on here have the
choice to go with her.
We don't get to ascend
separate from her.
We go with her.
There are those of
us that are happy
in the third-dimensional world.
And they want to stay and finish
playing out their lessons.
That's going to be cool,
from the way I understand
how ascension works because
it's going to be immediate.
The day it happens,
it's like a snapshot.
You're going to just have a
different kind of awareness
and know that you're
just somewhere else.
Whatever made things were around
us won't be around us anymore.
We're back to square
one to start all over.
And those individuals
that chose not to ascend
will find
third-dimensional places
to play out the rest
of their lessons.
>> Now, do you think that's
what happened with Telos--
with Lemuria back in
the day when there was
the fall, the dimension
that we're aware of,
and then they kind
of ascended, and they
chose to ascend in their--
in the cave, so they say?
>> They were-- they all
had a higher frequency.
I would like to
think that they had
even higher than
fifth-dimensional awareness.
But from how I ended
dimension-- how
I understand
dimensionality, once you
get to sixth-level
dimensionality,
you no longer require
physical form.
So fifth dimension
is really where
that caps out for a physical
humanity kind of body.
>> So you sit down.
So-- remind me her name.
>> Shyama.
>> Shyama tells you that
about the Ascension story,
which you were a little
bit familiar with.
And you're getting
excited because you--
>> I'm a believer.
When they validated what
I thought was coming,
man, if these beings think
that the shift is imminent,
then we're good to go.
>> And you went down the line.
And then you said you forgot
what the others were saying.
>> They all introduced
themselves before this dialogue
with her began.
And again, they repeated
their names to me.
I just-- I couldn't retain it.
I remember her because she
just continued the dialogue.
>> And then you
eventually got to Adama.
>> Adama kind of closed it all.
We weren't finished with her.
>> Oh, I see.
Yeah.
>> Once she kind of set the
stage on what they wanted
and what their goal was, to
reintegrate with the surface
beings, now I was going to find
out why I got invited to this
party.
There were three reasons.
The first was that I
had demonstrated it
well enough to them
that I can hold
fifth-dimension consciousness.
>> And how did they explain
you doing that, just by you,
you being Lowell?
>> Apparently so.
>> Maybe your meditations.
>> It's been a while.
It took me a while
to get to that place,
where I am settled
with my truths.
They were hard fought
and happily won.
But they're still-- they
were truths nonetheless.
During your career when you're
working for someone else
and under the influence of all
the other things in your life
from the outside, you're
always afraid to say
what's really in your heart.
It's always your first impulse.
But you don't let it out for
whatever the reason is-- hurt
somebody's feelings, whatever.
My first ayahuasca journey
said that very thing.
Mother Ayahuasca said
in the middle of it,
you know your truths.
Be bold and confident
in saying them.
And I didn't know what
that meant at the time.
So you tuck it away.
And when it finally
integrates, when now you
come into these kind of
truths and miraculous
things that can be
explained no other way,
you just have to let
it come out the way
that spirit expresses
it in you without trying
to filter it in any way.
>> So they told you
that you have the heart.
You have the heart to
carry this message.
>> Yes, two was I was the--
I am the protector of Gaia.
And where I'm going next,
I've made the choice
to stay with New Earth.
And somehow, whatever the role
of protector of Gaia means,
that's what I get to do next.
I envisioned in my mind that--
>> At that time, you didn't--
they said this, and you
were kind of on that path.
>> That was at the ayahuasca
journey two years ago.
>> Oh, OK, so you--
>> How did they know?
>> It resonated.
You felt that.
>> Oh, yeah.
But it's true.
I'm so tied to nature.
I'm just in my element
when I'm there.
When they suggested that was
a role I would get to play,
man, I just delighted in that.
I had-- I saw myself
as a sorcerer of types.
And I had a staff.
And the staff had a crystal.
I have this crystal staff.
>> Was this during
your ahuyasca journey?
>> Yes.
Here it is.
It's a piece of sugilite.
It's purple in nature.
It is a love stone.
But it's also a stone
of transmutation.
So changing negative
energy into light
is exactly what
this thing is for.
So I thought, once I got to
where I would be able to assist
others with their journey, and
maybe you weren't a willing
participant-- you wanted to
go, but you weren't sure--
a moment with the crystal
would help you see the truth.
And now you can
make your decision.
But once your heart
has been enlightened
and your karma still
has to be cleared.
That's what the fourth
dimension is about.
You've got to make your
balance before you can ascend.
But it's a quick process.
You're not staying
in 4D very long.
Mm-hmm, you're going home.
Beautiful.
>> And what was the third thing?
So nature-- heart, big
heart, nature connections--
>> That they were looking
for beings, surface beings,
that would be willing to be
emissaries when the time when
the shift came and humanity's
consciousness rose to the point
where they would wish to
communicate with us again.
They wanted to see if I would be
interested in being an emissary
when that came.
>> And how did that feel?
>> [SIGHS]
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Humility.
Gratitude.
Just humbling.
It's just a wave
that comes over you.
The notion that comes
into your head is, why me?
But you don't
articulate that right.
I just answered, I
would be honored to.
And with that, the
meeting was done.
They stood up, and they
bowed in my direction,
and they were off.
They accomplished whatever
task they needed to be.
Looking back at it, I got
enough of a view of Telos
to see that this is legit.
They expressed what they were
interested in communicating
with me.
>> Well, you said Adama closed.
Did he have any closing words?
>> Oh, he just said--
he confirmed that they were
honored that I would be--
he represented the
council on this matter.
I'm trying to remember
the way he said it
because it was so elegant.
He represented the
council in this matter.
And they were all in agreement
that the shift was imminent
and that, if you
were willing to be
an emissary when the time came,
we would really appreciate it.
>> Did-- what did
his voice sound like?
>> Deep.
>> Deep, resonating--
>> Wow.
>> --like there was a vibration
physically when he spoke,
more so than the other
people in the room.
And it wasn't like they
didn't have great statures.
I'm 6 feet tall, and I was the
shortest person in the room.
Adama is just an
overwhelming-- but, oh, my God.
>> Long hair.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah?
>> Yeah.
>> And blond you said?
>> Blond, all looked--
had Scandinavian looks.
>> And wore the same
kind of robe stuff?
>> White garments,
not the same apparel,
but just a simple
white kind of garment.
>> Interesting.
Did they all have this
ribbon thing that Alex had?
Just Alex.
>> Alex-- Adama had
some other kind of sash.
I had-- you got to think
that the high priest would
have some other kind of
designation in that way.
But I don't think--
we're all looking
at things from our
third-dimensional, the way
that our ego wants
to classify things.
That's not important to them.
They're all part of one another.
They just have
different roles to play.
They all have unique,
individual gifts.
And somehow, when you
knit that all together,
that collective community
is capable of accomplishing
things that are magic.
Wait till we get there.
>> During this time, is that--
did they give you more about
their civilization and
what they're doing?
>> No.
>> No, they didn't give you--
>> When the meeting was
over, we left the room,
got back on the hovercraft,
and made our way back
to the staging area.
I had not said a
word other than that.
>> Did they give you
anything to drink?
[LAUGHS]
Or water, offer you anything?
>> No, there was no
refreshment opportunity.
It was not that.
>> Were you thirsty
at all or hungry?
Did you feel any of that?
>> No, didn't even
think about any of it.
None of it-- nothing
occurred to me
other than what was
going on around the time.
>> Bathroom breaks or anything?
>> Nope.
>> No?
>> Interesting.
>> Good.
>> Wow.
>> When we got to the
end, I had two questions.
Would I get to come back?
And he answered, yes,
you'll be able to return
before the shift.
>> Was this to Alex or Adama?
>> Alex.
>> When that is, I don't know.
All I can tell you--
and those others
that still believe
that winter solstice was
when the shift was supposed
to happen, those that look at
it and say, well, what happened,
nothing happened--
>> To some people,
to some of us--
>> --think again.
>> --some major stuff happened.
>> It's all going on.
And it's been going
on for a while.
It's just finally crescendoing.
And all our work
right now is just
to try and help illuminate
for other people.
Some of them are
going to get it.
Some of them have heard
something about it
and maybe are curious.
And there are those
that'll never get it.
All we get to do before
the end-- because look,
when I thought it was winter
solstice, the idea that you
and I were going to have this,
to document it in some way,
we were never going to have
a chance to play it out.
The shift was going to
come and go before then.
But it hasn't yet.
So clearly, we're not done
with whatever we're here to do.
I'm not finished
because I'm still here.
And there's-- look at where
I've found myself since that
happened.
And if you just look
at what happened
to me over the last few
days with the crystal
skull and that
energy enhancement,
how did I get there, and the
benefits that came out of that?
The second question was, can
I tell anybody else about
what happened to me here?
And he kind of smiled,
and he said, the council--
the fact that we believe
that the shift is imminent,
you can tell anybody
that you want.
Because it's not
going to be like
they're going to find their way
down here without the same way
that you found your way here.
>> Sure.
>> Going back,
this idea of six--
you said six and six and
then Adama was the 13.
Was that six male, six female?
>> Yes.
>> Is that something
that Alex told you?
>> Yes.
And it was purposeful.
It's to balance
masculine energy.
In order for us to
ascend, everything
is going to have to be balanced.
>> Is that what he said,
too, or are you just--
>> Oh, yes.
>> OK, he can explain that.
>> Yeah, that's been kind of
ingrained into me since I was
young anyway.
I always had--
I understood feminine
energy and how it
worked with masculine energy.
I'm a hockey player.
I'm a pretty macho guy.
But I could always see the
feminine side of things.
I got to say that was
just preparation--
not preparation.
That's who I was.
That's who we all are.
We just have to remember
that's who we are,
and that's our
relationship with others.
It's recall.
But it's buried
in that DNA that's
just waiting to be activated.
And there's some trigger
that hits all of us.
I know part of my DNA has
already been activated.
Some of that came from records
I got back from the Akash.
It's not some information
that's out there somewhere
we have access to.
Man, it's an
interconnection we have
to a whole realm of information.
And when we take how
beautiful every individual is
and their individual gifts
and their contributions
and how beautiful
that is, now when
you start to put all those
together because there's
no duplication, holy cow, look
at what we can accomplish,
and the gifts that we have
when her piece comes into play
and his piece comes into play
and your piece and my piece.
>> So it's been a few months,
but I interviewed Asara.
She channeled in Adama.
We had just found out about
you, literally like the day
before the interview.
And I reached out to her-- when
we were talking, I said, hey,
do you know this guy, Lowell?
And he said, yeah,
he reached out to me.
I think you called
her or something.
>> I did.
Look, when I came
off the mountain,
the first thing you want
to do is just validate
what the hell happened to me.
When I came off back
to the parking lot,
the first thing that you just
think is none of these people
have any idea what
just happened to me.
And my way down the mountain,
I'm trying to figure out,
what do I do with this?
So the first thing I think
is, Bev at the crystal shop,
she'll resonate with
this, or she's got to--
she's certainly aware
of Telos, and she's
part of that whole energy here.
She can at least
help me, point me
to somebody that can
help me with this.
>> So you went to Bev first.
>> I went to see Bev first.
And she had people in there.
I had enough time to
tell her what happened.
And she just kind of
looked at me like it was--
>> That's what happens.
>> She expected.
It wasn't a surprise.
And I was kind of
surprised by that
because this was
magnificent to me.
And then I tried to go
see Haruko because--
look, you need to
see what I saw.
>> The light codes,
right, right, right.
>> She was closed that
day, so I didn't get to.
I had to go back.
>> What did Haruko
say when you told her?
>> I think she--
it didn't really register yet,
until I had posted it again
on Facebook.
And then we friended.
And I think once
she got a chance
to digest it then, oh, my God.
I had gone back to the
shop before I left town
because she has some
smaller versions
of these great big
things she's drawn,
and I just wanted to have one
so that people could understand
what it is that I saw, because
her work is incredible.
>> Cool, I look
forward to meeting her.
>> You'll freak out when you see
that, to see this little woman,
she does these by hand.
And they take about three
months for her to produce.
>> And then Asara,
what led you to Asara?
>> I started to--
when I got back
to my room, I just
started to research anything I
could find about anybody that
had any connections to Telos.
Asara was one of
those that came up.
So she had contact information.
So I got a voicemail,
left my dialogue.
And within a half an
hour, she called me back.
We were on the phone
for the next two hours
so that I could
find some validation
from someone that has some kind
of connection to Telos, Adama.
You seem to have that.
I need a touchstone.
Can you help?
And she couldn't have
been more gracious.
>> She did mention that,
during your conversation,
you mentioned a couple of spots
that she had seen astrally,
that she had been
there and seen,
that she had never
published or talked about,
which confirmed for her
that you were really there.
>> She did tell me
that after the fact.
And it just made me feel good
because this is a crazy story.
Who's going to validate it?
I was alone.
I can tell crazier
stories than this.
And--
[CHUCKLES]
There's just no reason for me to
make this particular story up.
It's just, I have
a new appreciation
for every time you want the
universe to surprise you,
she blows you away with
what she shows you next,
if you're just open
to an experience.
I have had experiences
with people that channel.
And there are those
that are authentic,
and you know it right away.
There is a sense that
you get in their aura
when they begin to
express those things that
need be expressed from them.
It's authentic.
I've had those
experiences with them.
And I've also had experiences
with the chandlers
that don't go that way.
She was not that.
And so it was warming for me to
contact Asara and have her just
listen to what it is, and
then make of it what you will.
Then when she said, you
described things to me
that I've seen but I
have never talked about.
And I asked her, why have you
never expressed those things?
She said, because
I was told not to.
The day will come when
they'll allow me to do that.
But the things that I've
been allowed to talk about,
they say yes.
And then there are things that
I'm not allowed to talk to,
and that is one of them.
>> Mm.
Well, it's amazing
that you went there.
It's amazing that you're
able to share this.
And we're still kind of
unpacking and developing
this connection that we have to
the mountain and its portals.
Who knows what's next, right?
>> The good news is that they're
here and that we get to do it
again.
The question is when.
So all we can do is
prepare for that day.
>> And keep doing
our work, our play.
>> We have busy work to do
before the universe is done
with us.
I guess that's what we just do.
We'll march through those
steps until the next thing.
But look at what the
next thing was for me.
I thought I was coming to do
an interview with Reuben--
>> [LAUGHS]
>> --to follow up on
the Telos interview.
Somehow, I found myself
in a crystal skull quest
with three opportunities to sit
with a crystal that affected me
in profound ways.
And my battery is still--
maybe a few months after this--
and we will talk, of course.
>> You're glowing, but that's
half because we were in the sun
all day yesterday.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yeah, there's just
still lots to process.
>> Yeah, there's a lot.
>> But everybody needs to know.
>> Yeah.
Well, thank you for sharing.
Thank you for--
>> Thanks for asking me.
>> --for your willingness
to go on this journey,
both with us in
the crystal skull,
and for sharing your
journey with Telos,
and merging these worlds.
I think that's what we're
doing here with my show.
>> Hoping for a sequel.
[LAUGHTER]
>> I'm sure there's much
more adventures to come.
>> Yeah
>> Awesome, thanks, Lowell.
>> Thanks again.
Namaste [NON-ENGLISH]
>> I'm going to
give you a big hug.
>> Absolutely.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks, Reuben.
>> More to come.
>> Phew.